I came back today for one thing
divorce
No way.
How can you say such a thing as quitting the marriage?
How to understand human speech
i
Revival, who gave you the qualifications to get you out of marriage?
Yeah bro
Miss Song is talented
How can you make him sad in front of everyone? It's not your turn to interrupt here.
I don't want you to give me an explanation today
Then there's no need for our two families to date
Lao Song, don't be angry
Maybe this little grandson is in a hurry
Saying the wrong thing
You are not too young
It's also the age to get married
Look at the whole man
Qingqing is the most suitable for you
You must marry me
If I don't
I won't tell you the letter payment.
From the day you abandoned your wife
I should find a way to challenge you
Your rebel
How dare you talk to me like this
Dad is pissed me off
Don't forget that you also have a precious son?
Although born humble
But no matter how bad
He is also a rich young master
It's a good match for Miss Song
I have other things to do
Don't call me next time
I've been busy.
revival
No way.
We grew up together
Emotions are the deepest
How are you
How can you break off the marriage?